---
layout: post
title: Week 1 - MIA
---

When I think of the term "open source" the first word that comes to mind is collabration. In my own words, open-source is a type of software created with the intent of being open to modification by pretty much anyone. It reminds of the saying, "two brains are better than one" because that software that is created, someone else might have a great addition to it and instead of having them suggest changes to the software creators themselves, that person can create the modifications themselves and request to intergrate it within the actual project. Personally, the reason why I chose to register in a class about open source development is because I want to learn about the process of creating a open source project from scratch.

While most software today is close source, mainly for profitablity purposes, there are some advantages as well as disadvantages with open source software. One of the main advantages of open source compared to closed source is that open source software is easier to obtain, thus increasing the usage of the software. Moreover, it gives ordinary developers taking part in the development of open-source software a sense of empowerment since they are playing a part in delivering the end product to users. One of the biggest downsides of open source projects is the fact that it may come with security issues since hackers have the same software as everyone else meaning that they are able to determine the weaknesses in the software and act accordingly.

I was first introduced to the world of open source software this past summer during my internship at IBM where I worked on a open source full stack application. The intent behind the project was to show off the capabilities of IBM's open source java web server, OpenLiberty.

Some other open source projects that I am familiar with is Wikipedia which is the largest encyclopedia on the internet, VSCode which I used last semester as a text editor for developing in C, and since I'm currently building iOS applications I use open source projects that cut out the extra work that I would to do.
