---
layout: post
title: Week 2 - Browser Extension Building
---

Music. That was the idea we originally settled on. I have never really thought about building a browser extension until this project so I figured it would be cool if I were to make a browser extension it would be a music extension... that plays music.

I proposed my idea to my group memebers to get some feedback during our brainstorming process. Immediately, they both agreed and began suggesting different usages for a music player, including a drop-down music player, and an extension that connects to a user's Spotify account. Then I intejeced with another idea, "A drop-down browser Spotify extension that plays music based on your feelings when you're browsing the internet?" This was it, this was the orignial idea. 

The next moments of our brainstroming revolved around deciding how we would even build such a extension. After spending the summer working with apis, I figured Spotify would have a API that we could use. 

We spent the next few days spent looking over the API until about the third day we realized that the idea would be out of reach, and it was back to brainstorming. But we were not disgarded for long because Matt had a plan B: 

"How bout' an extension that displays all of the titles on a page and scrolls to the respective header when clicked?" 

That's genius, I thought. And easier.

The bulk of our issues came from GitHub troubleshooting and merging conflicts. Aside from that, Matt had willingly built the majority of the extension while Kyla worked on the CSS. Since there wasn't much work for to do in turns of coding, I  resorted to setting up our readme page. As a matter of fact, the only "javascipting" I did for this project was changing the name of Matt's variable from an uppercase to lowercase to get our extension to actually work.


