Last week, we were given an open source project to analyze and evaluate. The project that I was required to evaluate is a game engine called Godot. I have never heard of such a game engine but from the looks of the Godot's website, it looks legit. I did not even think an open-source game engine was possible. I can only imagine the amount of time spent on just make sure that everyone is on the same page when adding a new feature. Seeing a open source project like this one stresses the importance of transparency between the project's goals and a contributor's intentions for making the product more useful.

Funny enough, I majored in Game Design my freshman year at NYU so contributing to an open source game engine seems pretty fitting. Although I would be content with contributing to Godot, I would like to see what else is out there that might spark my interest.

We also had an executive, Kevin Fleming, from Bloomberg's open source team talk about how Bloomberg leverages open-source software to tailor their business for their end-users. My biggest take away from the talk was that Bloomberg uses ALOT of open-source software, atleast that what Kevin made it seem like. It was also interesting to hear that Bloomberg takes the existing open source software out there are trains their own teams to learn the software so that they can in turn modify the software to meet the demands of their customers.

My view of open source projects and large companies was shaped during my time IBM after IBM's acquisition of Red Hat. I could not understand why IBM would spend so much money on a company that makes open source software but when I was actually given the task of building my own open source software project, it was clear that open source software is the future of business.

