---
layout: post
title: Week 6 - Choosing a Project
---

Last week, we had Vicky come and speak about open data again. This time, my biggest takeaway was Likewise, the NYC OpenData week she mentioned which is a week-long festival of community-driven events organized and produced by the NYC Mayor’s Office of Data Analytics’ Open Data program and BetaNYC. It seems like something I would be interested in attending, however maybe not due to the onslaught of the coronavirus. Moreover, she also mentioned the legal battle between Google and Oracle in regards to Google using open source software (or data, dont remember which one) to make profit off of. This is an important battle because the outcome of the case can determine whether open source software can used by others for proprietary incentives. 

For my project evaluation, I had to evaluate LibreOffice which is a free and powerful office suite, and a successor to OpenOffice.org (commonly known as OpenOffice). Their main selling point is "its clean interface and feature-rich tools help you unleash your creativity and enhance your productivity." I have not used the software personally but from what they show it seems like its pretty well built considering it is an open source project. After looking through some of the code, I got the impression that I would not be able to contribute meaningfully within the time constaints of the semester. 

It's pretty hard figuring out what projects you want to contribute to because I haven't really thought about contributing to any open source projects. So, I started to think about what types of software that I use on the daily and maybe I could start from there. Turns out most the software I use isn't open source. However, I recently started watching a lot of live streaming and found that the live streaming software that almost every live streamer uses is open source so for my second project evaluation, I decided to evaluate OBS Studio.

